<style>
ybg{
    background-color:yellow;
}
pur{
    background-color:purple;
    color:white;
}
red{
    color:red;
    font-family:bond;
}
gre{
    background-color:green;
    color:white;
}
</style>

## Section C:Database Design

- Defining Fields 
- Data Types
- Normalization
- Sorting and Indexing 
- Designing the Interface
- Design Report Templates

### Section C:Objectives:

- List three common data entry error and strategies that database designers user to reduce the number of them.

> Trigger(触发器),有效性规则
- List 8 datatype.
> string,float,int,char,bool,date,

- Distinguish the diffference between a sort and an index.
> 
### Defining fields
- **A computed field** is a calculation that a DBMS performs,similar to the way a spreadsheet computes a formula
- A field format is a template that adds the correct formatting as data is entered.
- **A field validation**<gre>[有效性规则]</gre> rule is a specification that the databse designer sets up to filter data entered into a particular field.
<ybg>有效性规则是一个规定用于过滤进入特定字段的数据.</ybg>
- **A lookup routine** validates a field entry by checking  data in an in-house or third-party database.

### Data types

- Data types
    - **Real** -used for fields that contain numbers with decimal<gre>[adj. 十进制的,小数的]</gre> places.
    - **Integer**
    - **Text**
    - **Memo**
    - **Logical(Boolean)**
    - **BLOB(binary language object)**
    - **Hyperlink[n. 超链接]**

### Normalization

- A process called **normalization** helps databse designers create a databse struture that minimizes storage space and increases processing efficiency.

## Section D:Objectives

### Section D:Objectives

- Describe how to user Boolean operaters.
> 与、或、非、异或

- Provide an example in which a global update is used efficently.
- Illustrate how SQL can be used to join two tables using dot <gre>notation[n. 符号]</gre>
.

### SQL Basics(1/3)



## Section E:Big data
- Big Data Basics
- Big Data Analytics
- NoSQL