<style>
ybg{
    background-color:yellow;
}
pur{
    background-color:purple;
    color:white;
}
red{
    color:red;
    font-family:bond;
}
gre{
    background-color:green;
    color:white;
}
unl{
    text-decoration:underline;
    font-family:bond;
    font-size:20px;
}
</style>


Author
: wck  

Date
: 2020/09/28 Mon
#### Quick Quiz
 1. <unl>Third-generation </unl> progamming languages ,such as C,COBOL and Fortran , use easy-to-remenber command words.

 2. computer programming <unl> paradigms</unl> include procedural,object-oriented ,and declarative.
<gre> paradigm n. | 范式

 3. <unl>Scipting </unl> languages ,such as JavaScript and PHP,are interpreted ,not compiled.
 <gre> Scripting languages</unl> n. | 脚本语言

 4. A compiler creates <unl> object</unl> code.
 <ybg>编译器产生目标代码。</ybg>

 5. An <unl> api(application interface)</unl> is a set of application program or operating system functions that programmers can add to the programs they create.

#### Essay: Genealogy and Paradigm of Programming Languages

##### Requirement:

 1. in English in word document
 2. The unmber of words is not liess than 1e3
 3. keywords includeing :declarative ,imperative paradigms and fusion of paradigms ,Mathematical basis
 4. deadline:Oct 10 超星平台 


 ### Section C :Procedural Programming

 <gre>procedural adj.| 过程式的
 <gre>procudural programming | 过程式编程</gre>


 #### Algorithm

 - An **algorithm** is a set of steps for carrying out a task that can be written down and implemented.

#### Pseudocode and Flowcharts

- You can express an algorithm in serveral different ways,including structured English,<unl>pseudocode</unl>,and flowchasrts.
<gre> pseudocode n. | 伪代码</gre>



#### Quick quiz
1. A <unl> algorithm</unl> is a set of steps ofr carrying out a task that programmers express in structured English,pseudocode,or flowcharts.

2. COBOL,Fortran adn C are examples of programming languages uused when working with the <unl> precedural</unl> paradigm.

3. A selection control structure tells a computer what to do based on whether a condition is true of false, whereas a <unl>sequential</unl> control structure can change the order in whitch program statements are executed.

4. A function is a series ofprogram statements that is part of a program,but is not included in the main execution path,True or false?<unl>True</unl>.

5. The section of a program that contains a repetition control is sometimes referred toas an iteration or a <unl>Loop</unl>.