<style>
ybg{
    background-color:yellow;
}
pur{
    background-color:purple;
    color:white;
}
red{
    color:red;
    font-family:bond;
}
gre{
    background-color:green;
    color:white;
}
</style>

# Module 10  Section A Database Basics 
### 1. Operational and Analyticl Database 
> An operational DB is used to collect ,modify and maintain data on a daily basi`s.
---
> An analytical DB is used to collect data that will be used for spotting trends that offer insights for tactical and strategic business decisions.

- <pur>Operational DB</pur>
    - Operaional DB are commonly part of an enterprise's information system.
    - They store data as it is collected from point-of-sale systems,customer loyalty programs,social media signups, and other transactions,
    - the data is typically dynamic<gre>[adj. 多变的]</gre>.
- <pur>Analytical DB</pur>
    - Analytical DB commonly hold historical data copied from one or more transaction processing system.
    - Unlike an operational DB,the data in an analytical DB is not being constantly updated.Therefore,it remains relatively static.
    - Because hte data is historical,the information that con be inferred is like a snapshot of a point in time.
## 2.
- Desision makers con access analytical DB using an executive dashboard,provided by software wuch as iDashboards,thich users tools for visually displaying query results.
- Database Models 
    - relational DB 
    - non-relational DB


<pur>DBMS</pur>

## Objectives 

- Describe hte difference between an operational database  
and an anlytical database
- Draw <red>ERD(Entity relation)</red> 
- Diagram the data structure for hierachical(层次型),graph,relational,multidimensional,and object database models(面向对象数据库).

## 2.Database Models 

- The underlying<gre>adj. 潜在的，下层的</gre> structure of a databse is referred to as a DB model.

### 3/13

- A field contains the smallest unit of meaningful information;it is the basic building block<gre>[构件]</gre> for a structured file or databse
- A variable-length field is like an accordion<gre>[n. 手风琴]</gre>-it expands to fit the data you enter.
- A fixed-length field contains a predetermined number of characters.
- In the world of databses,a record<gre>[n. 记录]</gre> refers to a collection of data fields;the template for a record is **record type**.<ybg>译:一个记录类型的模板又被称为**记录表**.</ybg>

### 5/13  

- In databse jargon<gre>[n. 术语]</gre>,a relationship is an association between data that's sorted in different record types.
- An important aspect of the relationship between record types is cardinality,thich refers to the number of associations that can exist between two record types.
<ybg>译:表与表的连接中很重要的一点是基数，它表示在两个表中的链接关系的数量。</ybg>

<pur>XML(eXtensible Markup Language)</pur>is a popular tool used to for,at document databases.

## Section B:  

- Explain why databases designers try to avoid data dependence.

<pur>Data dependence</pur> is a term that refers to data and program modules being so tightly interrelated that they become difficult to modify.
<ybg>译：数据关联是指数据模块间互相紧密的联系，以至于他们很难修改。</ybg>